Why clarion?

TL;DR
Clarion has evolved over time since the MS/PC/DR-DOS days. Its history can be read on wiki here.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Clarion_(programming_language)

Because Clarion is very database focused, its possible for complete beginners and seasoned experts to build an application for virtually all needs in a minimal amount of time.

Its been and still is used by many big name Govt Agencies around the world, Militaries around the world, Stock Market listed and unlisted Businesses around the world, Charities around the world and Educational & Research institutions around the world. Its used globally in many different languages, in mission critical roles and ad-hoc roles.

Everyone has to process data, and Clarion makes that job far more easier & quicker than most programming languages and environments because of its unique Template Generation & Management system which extends and supercharges what most programming languages & IDE including Clarion already have. 
You can even use Clarion Templates to generate & manage code & frameworks quickly in your other favourite languages if you need a competitive advantage. 

Clarion like all good (application) programming languages has been used in https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Competitive_programming events where small Clarion Developer Teams have rivaled and beaten Global Big Tech Factory Teams. You could be the next to give Big Tech a run for their money in such a competition, if you are not too busy making money from your apps already.

Download it today from www.SoftVelocity.com


The Long Form
If you are looking for change of career, ordinary people around the world are adding to their employable skill set, by learning to become a coder. SoftVelocity's Community Edition of Clarion gives you the chance to look at the Integrated Development Environment (IDE) called Clarion, become familiar with the programming language called Clarion and gives you the basic tools to start building your own Clarion apps with zero money down. 
Every application developed in the paid for versions of Clarion, Personal & Enterprise, can still be compiled and run using the Community Edition, so you always have piece of mind your program can live on whatever happens to your Clarion Programmer, Developer Team, Microsoft's support & development of Windows technologies and Softvelocity themselves.

If you are an expert programmer, you will know that you can extend, remove and inject code into any Clarion app, to further extend its abilities and relevance, whatever the future holds for any of us. 

Download it today from www.SoftVelocity.com

